juliana fainted change the grid is this
woman she helps the drug it was only I tape
wedge is said that right ally to see
in the video I did some time ago and
five annoying things that they send to
Then I said that video that was off
technically brilliant you thought I would go
make another alive makes the second batman
to wake up I'm crazy and what the staff
stayed there if a family member with
order can not give up commanding the
pass this program on the euro and
youtube I know, it 's just inside, you said it
that the color of the ball is expensive, that's all.
That video of that business said there I
I think his name is joao paulo
on that iron fist video
That fucking spirit also woke me up.
and would put video in memory until it seemed
Kassab was not when you wake up now
I came here spending it can be rolled
You can vote, you could wait, you were sleeping.
here stretches to raise flight raise
raise her up raise something that gives me
Senate this stop and fashion I have
will give more value the person you
free time was playing time instead of
doomed to stay until the end at na
call his proof of phone lets
drop the lead on the ground until the end
in May, he already passes the whole marathon just to
answer the phone the worst when
breaks something but I'm from that
the phone rang on
meet again and have people eating in
Musique stays there now and will finish
I have already lost count of how many times already
beak gave
I think it's comfortable with the radio.
not the 310 occurring until
telephony already gave a mouth to this stop
killed the word that got me so I could
Let the ball go if our idea is
connected when the whole school and the class
everybody is talking there everybody
Shit talking, the sergeant comes.
there is the divicom that she houses
a person has a radar this week
everybody talking here because the
technical vision if everything is blue you
Maybe take me, Simon.
I've lost count as desirable
warning was called at school class
was talking
we already managed to recover
The joao paulo taffarel is going to leave, he's going alone.
Go vote everyone
talking and responding not boring kid
by tatá that gives desire to see the hair
It's something that pisses me off on that person.
who will speak and dump deluge you and
he just likes footprint does not speak and jucu
so the father and on the trail here had to
to go through there are no more than
that the company will speak a little bit in the
I did not even call people there.
is bathing the person think you're
listening to her , will you listen to her?
who wants to hear the playing quima videogame
I do work at school that these
things and lastly there is that person
that smacks does not seem to have a mouth to
speak ill of the guy I 'm talking about
leave the time is that tap seac kapur
I'll get some of your mother's accent.
so young that he is in his mother's womb
father or trash to the closed forest zone
fucking goodbye before a bitch who gave birth
Another date is still traveling to
analysis where full ne
psd to your worship linked to facebook
to stay with the toucan the guy is
smoking guaraná the cabeçudo with this
partner I'm coming from these I read that
channel is also so common that
You are now 1,400 when I reach 2 thousand
enrolled until October but in man leaves
a low challenge to reach 2 thousand
enrolled until the tube makes this challenge
until your challenge is not only cynicism
I would pay there and portugal as well as messi
is a saved by name player rock
the moment he is releasing a video to
guys're showing everyone for
Portuguese speaking
connected with stickers and
enjoy the facebook fan page is also
very important below the registration only
You click the link, there is where I
do everything responds by disaster
questions there on instagram also me
still appears on the screen somewhere
and enters the partner store and also
is stone fashion is in the description I will do
a small menu that left there and want the
canal ax one of the favorites of this
and which will be on sale in the
twitter thigh makes in facebook that already puts
there facebook facebook but also
haha thanks and said that it is not that it expires
sa
Stay with the car.